---
snippet: privacy-policy
icon: file-contract
title: Privacy Policy
---

Proekspert AS, Sõpruse pst 157, Tallinn, Estonia, e-mail mailto:info@proekspert.ee, respects your privacy rights and recognises the importance of protecting your personal data.

This Proekspert´s privacy policy provides information relating to the collection, processing, use and privacy of information you submit through our website. The information will be collected by Proekspert. However, if you are in contact with us through social media channels: Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIN, information will be collected by these channels. Each of the channels shall solely be responsible for their own data processing activities under this Privacy Policy and they each be, with regard to their own data processing activities, the controller as defined by the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 – “GDPR”).

#2. What Information We Collect and Process
##2.1 Information about Your Person

On our website you can:

Subscribe to Proekspert newsletter Tech Tomorrow by registering your e-mail. You can unsubscribe either on the newsletter or sending an e-mail to mailto:marketing@proekspert.ee.
Subscribe to new video notification on https://proekspert.ee/videos/. You can unsubscribe either on the notification e-mail or sending an e-mail to mailto:marketing@proekspert.ee.
Book a meeting on one of our events by filling in a contact form with your name and e-mail. The contact form generates an e-mail to the person who is leading the event team.
Leave your name and e-mail through our chatbox if it is in offline mode if you want to be contacted by Proekspert representative. If you want your information deleted from our chat history, you can notify mailto:marketing@proekspert.ee
Leave your name, e-mail, company name and message if you order a consultation or a workshop.If you want your information deleted from our purchase history, you can notify mailto:marketing@proekspert.ee.

##2.6 Cookies and Similar Technology
###2.6.1 General Information

Websites offered by Proekspert may use cookies and other similar technologies. Cookies are small files downloaded to your device. Cookies help us to ensure the safety and smooth functionality of our services (security cookies and session cookies) and to collect information about the preferences of users in order to make our online offers more attractive for users (tracking cookies).

Most browsers are automatically set to accept cookies. You can often set your browser to notify you when you are sent a cookie and you may also be able to elect not to accept cookies by changing the designated settings on your User Device. Proekspert digital content may use tracking cookies. If we use tracking cookies, we will inform you about the use of and details of such tracking cookies and describe the available options to enable or disable such tracking cookies in the respective privacy policies.

###2.6.2 Google Analytics

Our website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc. (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; “Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies that are stored on your computer and facilitate the analysis of your use of our website, the Digital Products and the online features. The information generated by the cookie about your use of our website, the Digital Products and the online features is transmitted to Google and stored by. If IP anonymisation has been activated, the IP address of users located within a country of the European Union or in other states contracting to the Agreement on the European Economic Area will be shortened. Only in exceptional cases will a complete IP address be transferred to a Google server and shortened there. IP anonymisation is activated. On our behalf, Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating the website, the Digital Products and the online features for us, in order to compile reports on the activity on the website, the Digital Products and the online features, and to provide other services relating to the activity and internet usage for us. Google will not associate the IP address transferred in the context of Google Analytics with any other data held by Google.

For further information please visit: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en

###2.6.3 Google Remarketing Technology

Some of our websites may use the Google Remarketing technology which is a service from Google. If our websites use Google Remarketing technology, we will inform you about the use of and details of Google Remarketing technology and describe the available options to enable or disable such use in the respective website privacy policy.

#3. How Information Is Used – Purposes of Processing
##3.1 Providing the Service

We collect and further process the information we collect in order to:

Send you Proekspert newsletter Tech Tomorrow;
Send you notification about a new video on our website;
Book a meeting to an event;
Contact you to arrange the consultation or a workshop you ordered;
Process orders and requests that you make via the website.

##3.4 Usage Information

“Usage Information” as referred to in this Section 3.4 includes all information submitted through Proekspert website.

###3.4.3 Customised Offers and Recommendations

We may also process the Usage Information for purposes of customised marketing, so that content, products and services can be tailored to meet your needs and the recommendations and offers displayed to you via the website ice or other online activities can be customized accordingly.

The legal basis for this processing is Art. 6 para. 1 (f) GDPR. Proekspert has a legitimate interest in processing your information for such purposes of customised marketing as it avoids displaying recommendations and offers that are irrelevant for the user. You have the right to object at any time to the processing of your information for such purposes of customised marketing. To exercise this right you may at any time contact us as provided in Section 9 of this Privacy Policy or you can opt out of the processing of your information for such purposes of customised marketing at any time if you contact mailto:marketing@proekspert.ee .

##3.6 Cookies and Similar Technologies

###3.6.1 General Information

The legal basis for using security and session cookies as explained in Section 2.6.1 above is the provision of the service you have requested (Art. 6 para. 1 (b) GDPR).

When you access our websites that use tracking cookies and if you have not objected to the use of such tracking cookies, information received via such tracking cookies may be combined with your other information obtained through website t and used for the purposes as described in Section 3.4. above.

###3.6.2 Google Analytics

The legal basis for using Google Analytics (see above Section 2.6.2) and for analysing usage of our service is Art. 6 para. 1 (f) GDPR. The legitimate interest we pursue is the improvement and optimization of our service for the benefit of our users. You have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to such processing. To exercise this right with regard to the use of Google Analytics for Digital Products you may at any time opt out of the processing of your information for product and service improvement purposes in your Nintendo Account settings. With regard to websites using Google Analytics, you can prevent the collection of data about the use of the website (including your IP address) generated by the cookie and the processing of data by Google, by downloading and installing the browser plug-in through the following link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en

If you do not object to the use of Google Analytics, information received via Google Analytics may be combined with your other information obtained through Proekspert website and used for the purposes as described in Section 3.4 above.

#4. Marketing and Advertising Messages
Subject to your separate consent, Proekspert may send you marketing and advertising messages to your email address. You can withdraw your consent to receive marketing and advertising messages as described above at any time either by unsubscribing the list via e-mail footer or by contacting mailto:marketing@proekspert.ee.

If you provided such separate consent, we may also use your collected information to customise such marketing and advertising messages as well as collect information on whether you opened such messages and which links in their text you followed.

The legal basis for using your information to customise the marketing messages and for processing information on whether you opened such messages and which links in their text you followed is Art. 6 para. 1 (f) GDPR. Proekspert has a legitimate interest in processing your information for customising marketing and advertising messages you agreed to receive as it avoids that you receive marketing and advertising messages that are not relevant for you. Collecting information on whether you opened such messages and which links you followed helps us to understand which messages and links are of increased relevance for you and to optimize any future marketing and advertising messages for your benefit.

You have the right to object at any time to the processing of your information for such customised marketing purposes. To exercise this right you may at any time contact us as provided in Section 9 of this Privacy Policy or you can opt out of the processing of your information for such customised marketing purposes at any time by contacting us via mailto:marketing@proekspert.ee .

#5.User Communications
When you send an email or other communication to Proekspert, we use those communications in order to process your inquiries and respond to your requests.

The legal basis for this processing is the provision of the service you have requested (Art. 6 para. 1 (b) GDPR).

#6. Who Has Access to Your Information

##6.1
Proekspert employees who are responsible for marketing, sales, customer experience and business development functions.

We have a legitimate interest in sharing your information for internal administrative purposes, in particular to deal with any inquiries in an efficient and high-quality manner. You have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to such sharing. To exercise this right you may at any time contact us as provided in Section 9 of this Privacy Policy.

##6.3
Depending on your country of residence, we may also share your information with our third party distributors that provide consumer experience support services in connection with Proekspert services for your country. Your information will be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy and only as far as this is necessary for performing consumer support services. The legal basis for sharing your information with our third party distributors is the performance of the consumer support services (Art. 6 para. 1 (b) GDPR).

##6.4
We may also share your information (including your IP address) with our third party content delivery network providers that provide content delivery network services. Our content delivery network providers enable faster video streaming and support the delivery of content you have requested,, by using a system of distributed servers that deliver the content to you, based on your geographic location. The legal basis for sharing your information with our third party content delivery network providers is Art. 6 para. 1 (f) GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in sharing your information to enable faster delivery and to optimize transportation of the content you have requested, in particular to provide requested content in a high-quality manner which is to the benefit of our users. You have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to such sharing. To exercise this right you may at any time contact us as provided in Section 9 of this Privacy Policy.

#7. Storage Time
We will only store your information as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which the information is collected and processed or – where the applicable law provides for longer storage and retention period – for the storage and retention period required by law. After that your personal data will be deleted.

In particular:

If you unsubscribe from our newsletter or video list.
If you contact mailto:marketing@proekspert to delete your data from our chatbox history or from registering to a consultation or a workshop history.
If you exercise a right to object to the processing of your personal data, we will delete your personal data that we processed for the purpose to which you objected without undue delay, unless another legal basis for processing and retaining this data exists or unless applicable law requires us to retain the data.

#8.Your rights under GDPR
In particular, but without limitation, you may have the following rights under applicable European data protection law:

Right of access: You have the right to obtain confirmation from us as to whether or not we process personal data from you and you also have the right to at any time obtain access to our personal data stored by us. To exercise this right you may at any time contact mailto:marketing@proekspert.ee.

Right to rectification of your personal data: If we process your personal data, we shall endeavour to ensure by implementing suitable measures that your personal data is accurate and up-to-date for the purposes for which we collected your personal data was collected. If your personal data is inaccurate or incomplete, you have the right to obtain the rectification of such data. To exercise this right you may at any time contact us at mailto:marketing@proekspert.ee.

Right to erasure of your personal data or right to restriction of processing: You may have the right to obtain the erasure of your personal data or the restriction of processing of your personal data. To exercise this right you may at any time contact us at mailto:marketing@proekspert.ee.

Right to withdraw your consent: If you have given your consent to the processing of your personal data or of the personal data of your child below the age of 16 years, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on the consent before the withdrawal. To exercise this right you may at any time contact us mailto:marketing@proekspert.ee .

Right to data portability: You may have the right to receive the personal data concerning you and which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format or to transmit those data to another controller. To exercise this right you may at any time contact us at mailto:marketing@proekspert.ee.

Right to object: You may have the right to object to the processing of your personal data as further specified in this Privacy Policy.

Right to lodge a complaint with supervisory authority: You have the right to lodge a complaint with a data protection supervisory authority located in the European Union.
